# CS-300
CS-300-T3670 DSA: Analysis and Design 22EW3

8-1 Journal: Portfolio Submission
The primary goal of the projects in this course revolved around designing and building an application for a university. The functinality changed from project to project, but the main ideas were to load the data from a file, seperated and organized the data into a data structure nd perform various actions such as sorting, printing, inserting, and deleting from the data structure. When working on these projects, I worked from the user's perspective, often focusing on the organization of the interface and structuring out the different functions that would perform the exected actions. Next I would focus on input validation. I would try to break my project in run time to identify any overlooked loopholes. I would then add more logic to the individual functions. After every function, I would go back and make sure the other functionality remained unchanged. I would loop this process until all critiera of the project were complete. The biggest roadblock I had with these assignemnts was the disconnection between them and the course materials. It often felt like I was being graded on something that wasn't being taught. Sometimes the projects included information in modules not yet covered and other times required information that was never provided. I had to spend a absurd amount of time with outside sources. I understand that this is a skill I will use in the future, but as a student paying for an education, I expect to learn from the course. As a result, I do not believe that this class has expanded my approach to designing software and developing programs or evolved my code writing.
